(water droplets dripping)
(hollow icy ambience)
Proog: (stuttering) At the left we can see—
but we can see the—
at the right we can see the…
… the head‐snarlers.
And everything is safe… perfectly safe.
(gasps) Emo?
Emo!
♪ (suspenseful music)
(high‐pitched feedback squeal)
Proog: Watch out!
Emo: (knocked over) Ow!
(electric zaps, cables clank)
(high‐pitched feedback squeal)
(electric sparks)
(quiet, indistinct chattering)
Proog: Are you hurt?
(wind blows)
Emo: I don’t think so. You?
Proog: I’m okay.
Get up! Emo, it’s not safe here.
Let’s go.
Emo: What’s next?
Proog: You’ll see!
Emo: You’ll see…
(cold wind blowing softly)
Proog: Emo, this way.
♪ (eerie high‐pitched notes)
(electric sparks)
(footsteps get louder)
(ominous crackling static)
Proog: Follow me!
(resonant bell chimes)
♪ (fast‐paced intense music)
(electric sparks)
(rapid wing flapping)
♪ (music intensifies)
(wings flap, bird panting)
Proog: Hurry, Emo!
♪ (music reaches peak intensity)
(chattering in foreign language)
(birds chirping erratically)
(wings flapping)
(robotic gurgling)
(telephone ringing)
(telephone ringing louder)
Proog: You’re not paying attention!
Emo: (huffs) I—I just
want to answer the phone.
Proog: Emo, look— I mean listen.
(slimy warbling)
You have to learn to listen.
This is not some game.
You, I mean we—
we could easily die out here.
(sighs) Listen.
Listen to the sounds of the machine.
(clock ticking slowly)
Listen to your breathing.
(blocks thudding, quiet
buzzing, clock still ticking)
(buzzing getting louder)
Emo: (laughs)
(key clicks)
(slow, heavy footsteps)
(sharp, metallic bang)
♪ (upbeat curious music)
(slimy bounce)
♪ (music intensifying)
♪ (ominous music swells)
(loud metal thud)
(metal snapping in place)
♪ (adventurous, tribal orchestration)
(metal clattering)
♪
(loud metal clattering)
Emo: Well, don’t
you ever get tired of this?
Proog: Tired?!
Emo: Yeah.
Proog: Emo, the
machine is like clockwork!
One move out of place
and you’re ground to a pulp.
(loud metal thud)
(huge blast)
Emo: But isn’t there the… like—
Proog: Pulp, Emo! Is
that what you want? Pulp?
Emo, your goal in life…
… pulp?!
(elevator doors creak closed)
Proog: (presses button)
(metallic clanging and whirring)
(elevator caves in)
(rusty whirring)
(metal doors locking)
(elevator rumbling)
(metal scrapes)
(white noise intensifies)
(floor crashes down)
(metal clanging and whirring)
(elevator rumbles)
(mechanical arm whirring and hissing)
(mechanical acceleration)
(metal doors locking)
Proog: Emo, close your eyes.
Emo: Why?
Proog: Now!
Emo: Okay…
Proog: Good.
What do you see at your left side, Emo?
Emo: Well…
… nothing.
Proog: Really?
Emo: No, nothing at all.
Proog: (quiet) Really?
Proog: And at your right, what
do you see at your right side, Emo?
Emo: (huffs) The same, Proog.
Exactly the same, nothing!
(platform falls down)
Proog: Great.
(platform accelerating down)
(sharp metal bang)
(camera shutter)
(quiet camera shutters)
(camera shutters getting louder)
(portal warping and door slams)
Emo: Listen, Proog! Do you hear that?
Can we go here?
Proog: There?
Emo: Yeah.
Proog: It isn’t safe, Emo.
Proog: (flicks device open)
Emo: But…
Proog: Trust me, it’s not.
Emo: Or maybe I could—
Proog: No.
(static crackle)
(camera shutter)
Emo: But—
Proog: No! No!
Any further questions, Emo?
Emo: (quiet) No…
(tile thuds)
Proog: Emo…
Emo: Yeah?
Proog: Emo, why?
Emo, why can’t you
see the beauty of this place?
The way it works, how perfect it is.
Emo: No, Proog. I don’t see.
I don’t see because
there’s nothing there.
And why should I trust my
life to something that isn’t there?
Well, can you tell me that?
Proog: Emo…
Emo: Answer me.
Proog: (slaps Emo)
Emo: Proog…
… you’re a sick man!
♪ (intense chase music)
Proog: Emo…
Emo: Stay away from me!
(clock ticking)
Proog: No! Emo, it’s a trap!
Emo: Hah, “it’s a trap”!
At the left side, you can see
the Hanging Gardens of Babylon!
(heavy rain‐like noise)
How’s that for a trap?
(bricks falling apart)
Proog: No, Emo!
(structure collapses,
bricks clanging loudly)
Emo: And on the right side,
you can see— well guess what…
… the Colossus of Rhodes!
Proog: No!
Emo: The Colossus of Rhodes…
… and it is here just for you, Proog.
(laughs) “Just for you”.
(sustained high‐frequency tone)
(mechanical bellow)
(deep roaring)
Proog: (thumps)
Proog: (swings snake)
Emo: (knocked over)
Proog: It is there.
I’m telling you, Emo.
(shuddering breath) It—it is. It is.
(hollow icy ambience)
(cold wind blowing softly)
(hollow mechanical ambience)
♪ (melancholic orchestral music swells)